Archive tandem (#296)
sine-fdn/tandem: README.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> ## **This repository is archived and no longer maintained.**
>

> > **We are continuing our work on SMPC by implementing our *multiparty* computation engine [Polytune](https://github.com/sine-fdn/polytune)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **We are continuing our work on SMPC by implementing our secure *multi-party* computation engine [Polytune](https://github.com/sine-fdn/polytune)**.
```
